improve README by listing the problems of interest (#33)
benchopt/benchOpt: README.md

```

Use `benchopt run -h` for more details about these options, or visit https://benchopt.github.io/api.html.

List of optimization problems available

> ---------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: wait a sec it's a markdown file not an RST file. So use:

`### List of optimization problems available`

```

Use `benchopt run -h` for more details about these options, or visit https://benchopt.github.io/api.html.

List of optimization problems available

> -----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------------------------
```

- `lasso`: aka l1-regularized least-squares. This consists in solving the following program:

```min_w (1 / (2 * n_samples)) * ||y - Xw||^2_2 + alpha * ||w||_1```

> -`logreg`: aka l1-regularized least-squares. This consists in solving the following program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-`logreg`: aka l1-regularized logistic regression. This consists in solving the following program
```
